this week in training let's talk about
cha cha cha the first session went
pretty well I think Christina certainly
likes to work hard I like to work hard
as well so I think that combination is
is a good thing 523 my first impression
that he is a perfectionist and watched
it work hard and learn lots so that
makes me happy as a teacher is that it
it's sort of it I think it's about
trying to find a confidence with
something to know that each day you're
going to progress a little step further
so not the log step which are only not
the shasta which I don't mind what I'd
like to speak so and if we do together
she's like two three four and one to the
side well our first dance is the cha cha
cha so just choke him some steps which
are basic steps of charger and a bit of
technique and I think you did to you all
it's important to get the shape the
counts at the right place at the right
time first they don't worry about
worried about the smile it doesn't
always show in my performances but I'm
smiling there this one has a lot of work
to do and improve lots of things but
he's very dedicated so it's going well